License Notice - Source Code - version 01

Planet Innovation Pty Ltd ("PI", "we", or "us") provides you with the source
code for the software subject to the clauses below, previously agreed by you
or your licensor.

1   PI Background IP

1.1 PI Background IP is embedded within the source code.

1.2 Subject to clause 2, you are the owner of the source code developed or
otherwise generated by PI, or PI officers, employees, agents and contractors,
as a direct result of and in the course of carrying out our services for you,
excluding PI Background IP.

1.3 Subject to the terms and conditions for the supply of services to you by
us, PI grants you a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable,
fully-paid and royalty-free worldwide licence to use the PI Background IP that
is embedded in the source code for the sole purpose (and only to the extent
necessary) of enabling you to make beneficial and commercial use of the source
code.

1.4 To the extent that you modify any source code that comprises part of the
PI Background IP, you will own only the intellectual property rights in those
specific portions of the source code (such as lines of code or specific
programming commands) that you create and not any other portion of source code
within the definition of PI Background IP.

2   Open-Source Software

2.1 You acknowledge and agree that the source code may contain or otherwise
make use of Open-Source Software (Open-Source Software).

2.2 For any Open-Source Software contained in the source code, the terms and
conditions in the applicable Open-Source Software license applies to the Open-
Source Software. Nothing in this Notice limits your rights under, or grants
your rights that supersede, any applicable Open-Source Software license.

2.3 You acknowledge that the Open-Source Software license is solely between
you and the applicable licensor of the Open-Source Software. You agree to
comply with the terms of the applicable Open-Source Software license.


PI Background IP means PI's intellectual property rights subsisting in the
source code, whether identified in the Copyright Header of the source code
provided with this Notice or otherwise:

(a) created, acquired, developed or generated by PI before the commencement
of the services to you;

(b) an improvement to any intellectual property referred to in paragraph (a)
created, acquired, developed or generated by PI in the course of carrying out
the services; or

(c) created, acquired, developed or generated by PI independent of carrying
out the services.
